it is now mathematically impossible for
Illinois to ever pay back on its
obligations there's simply no possible
way the final nail in the coffin has
taken place and it's simply a matter of
time a short period of time before the
government has to declare some form of
default Connecticut is in a tight spot
as well with unpayable debt and now a
third state is in a grand mess you came
here for the truth so let me unveil that
for you today we'll look at this
scenario the importance of it how the
Pension funds are gone let's
begin out of the Chicago Tribune a
federal judge on Friday ordered Illinoi
to start paying $293 million in state
money toward Medicaid bills every month
and an additional $1 billion over the
course of the next year they already
have a terrible situation and this
federal judge has just put the final
nail in the
coffin I'm not necessarily agreeing with
either side there's just too much debt
too many obligations and the governments
overextend themselves the whole system
is a
failure they are with a $3
billion backlog owed to healthcare
provid
providers and this is the type of thing
that has taken place in many different
sectors this happens to be just one of
them they are an estimate of half a
billion dollars per month and they have
to pay down two billion of its Bill back
login payments spread out over the
course of the coming fiscal year these
are amounts that they simply can never
pay back it's not as if if the economy
starts doing better then these bills can
be paid off it's just not going to
happen so we have to come to terms with
that
Illinois is bankrupt but technically
they
can't say that they are bankrupt so
they'll have to do things differently
and what I believe could very well
happen is that they begin to sell off
assets a lot of people would agree to
this they'll say look if Google wants to
come in and buy up a whole bunch of
streets and land and buildings and
infrastructure then I think it's fine
they could do that it would help the
government Finance the problems and they
would get over it you could make an
argument argument for that however these
corporations don't have the country's
best interest in mind though they may
have their headquarters there these are
faceless
corporations and while the government as
a whole doesn't have that country's
particular interest in mind and we know
that as a fact it's
simply that it's better let's say if the
country owns it and we want as little
debt on all of this ownership as
possible we want the country to have it
have it paid for and for it to service
itself at the lowest amount of money
needed as possible but that doesn't
happen it just expands and expands and
expands the thatb becomes too much and
then we sell it off to corporations who
then charge us for using it that right
there is in fact a
scam let's go deeper into the issue
we're looking at Maine that's the
next state to fall into this debt trap
the governor said he won't sign a state
budget package endorsed on Thursday
night by a special panel ensuring a
partial shutdown of the state government
at
midnight and apparently they had the
same situation in
1991 so what we are experiencing here is
no different than what we've seen many
times
before the government essentially shuts
down they get into a critical situation
and then they have to
react let's say in haste and that to me
is when when the worst decisions are
made they take a a bill and it's 10,000
pages and they have to read over it in a
matter of an hour of course that doesn't
happen and then they pass the law and
somehow these laws that they put through
have the most random things that are
stuck in there but of course nobody
finds out until let's say 2 years later
and that information is brought up and
it's just swept under the rug because
there's another 10 things that have come
in between now and then that's the way
it
is this here is a map and a chart from
Bloomberg and it's from the 2015 figures
but let's just take it for what it is
public employee pension funding ratio by
state it's sort of a simple chart type
image here showing you the different
states and the problems that they are in
you could see at the time New Jersey
37.5 what I want to bring to your
attention is this at the
bottom chart
form funding ratio 2015 New Jersey
37.5 total pension liability
$217 billion these statistics statistics
keep getting worse I mean it's a
fact all of these numbers are much worse
than they are but even going by these
they can't be paid back if you think
about that all of the the schemes that
they use to put everything off their
balance sheet and
still they're showing how bad it truly
is how is this going to be paid back
well you have a few options you can
issue debt which
simply puts the burden further out into
the future because you have to give more
money in the end and then you have the
potential to sell off assets and that
really is the
globalists favorite plan they've done it
in Greece everywhere else in fact you
can see that corporations are buying up
the assets of countries and as I've said
before they do not have our best
interest in mind these Central Bankers
are criminal they're running this like a
business and it's
Cutthroat look at the global debt Global
debt first of all it is at
trillion that's trillion with a
T it's
327 per of the world's
GDP and those numbers are fake but even
still it's 327
per. that can't be paid back and then
people will say but we owe it to
ourselves so there's nothing to worry
about
well it's not exactly how it
works because the government doesn't
issue any debt necessarily the central
banks are the ones controlling the
system they decide everything these
Central Bankers have a hold on our
economy they have a hold on the monetary
system and they say what goes
all
right with all of this debt we need
to think about
it we don't have an economy which can
support all of this debt it's a
fact however we have a central bank that
can print up
money and they can in fact buy up all
that debt why not do that if that there
is no consequence to that as some
suggest then why not do that why have a
state of debt when the government can go
into debt at every level people can go
into debt and then we just print up
money and give it to these
various people States everything else
government levels why not well of course
it has unintended consequen or intended
consequences that's how it works that is
designed to crush you and I people don't
realize that but the system of debt is
created by the central Bankers purposely
that's why they created the Federal
Reserve in secret on Jackal Island they
didn't do it in front of a public forum
they didn't do this with you know a
whole bunch of citizens invited to the
party have the media present no it was
done under super secret terms with all
the richest of the Rich and powerful
people if the system was designed to
benefit you and I they wouldn't do it
under in the
shadows of course we know that we know
that but people still celebrate the
system and it's the system itself which
has failed us a long time ago but that's
how it was
designed look at this more hedge funds
have shut than started since the last
quarter of 2015 there are a couple
reasons for this you could have a lack
of profits but the stock market has
risen considerably then you also have
those who have change of heart and they
realize what's happening and they're
bailing in the system they're just
bailing
out no pun intended I've shown you that
before as well as the fact that they've
perhaps
feel that what's
coming is
something serious and they don't want
any part of holding on to the people's
money yet still making these percentages
on their fees knowing that they're
holding a bunch of garbage I don't know
what's going on here but it's a fact
more hedge funds have started to shut
down you also have the computer on an
algorithm trading which are displacing a
lot of these people
so and interconnected it to the point I
made in the couple articles
ago just eight men own the same wealth
as half of the world eight men own the
same amount of wealth as 3.6 billion
people that is huge I mean even though
that they are the poorest people in the
world it's still 3.6 billion of them I
mean that's huge that's
massive and why because we have a system
that they designed they own and control
the governments they own and control all
the corporations the Elite control you
and I because they control the education
system the food system the
pharmaceutical system and everything
else in between they run it they run the
show so if I'm going to bring
information to
you it's done on such a small scale it
can never be a big
scale it's hard it's very very difficult
to get the information cross trying to
bail out the world with a thimble that's
really what it feels like a lot of times
you and I are here we know the truth
unfortunately because of the
power that these Elite
hold it's an uphill
battle if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
and last but not least if you found the
video informative I know you'll find my
books the money GPS and my new release
global economic collapse even more
informative so what you can do to look
through the book is just go to Amazon
because they have a look inside feature
which allows you to flip through the
pages of them if you're interested in
the first book it's about the four asset
classes and how to profit from them my
new release global economic collapse is
about the money GPS strategy and that's
reducing your monthly expenses tax
incentives solar panels all that sort of
good stuff so you can check that out as
Amazon links are in the description
take care